Adding release process (#1260)
github/super-linter: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Releasing

> If you are the current maintainer of this action you can create releases from Issues in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are the current maintainer of this action you can create releases from [a release issue](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/CREATE_RELEASE.md) in the repository.
```
